Migrate arbitrary values to built-in values (#14841)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss: CHANGELOG.md

- _Upgrade (experimental)_: Rename `drop-shadow` to `drop-shadow-sm` and `drop-shadow-sm` to `drop-shadow-xs` ([#14875](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14875))
- _Upgrade (experimental)_: Rename `rounded` to `rounded-sm` and `rounded-sm` to `rounded-xs` ([#14875](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14875))
- _Upgrade (experimental)_: Rename `blur` to `blur-sm` and `blur-sm` to `blur-xs` ([#14875](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14875))

> - _Upgrade (experimental)_: Migrate arbitrary values to modern built-in values ([#14841](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14841))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Upgrade (experimental)_: Migrate arbitrary values in variants to built-in values where possible ([#14841](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14841))
```
